0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

The 0 Task Script switches the current user to the user betty.
The 1 Task Script prints the effective username of the current user.
The 2 Task Script prints all the groups the current user is part of.
The 3 Task Script changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty.
The 4 Task Script creates an empty file called hello.
The 5 Task Script adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello.
The 6 Task Script adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello.
The 7 Task Script adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello
The 8 Task Script sets the permission to the file hello no permisson for owner and group and all permssion for others.
The 9 Task  sets the mode of the file hello to -rwxr-x-wx 1 julien julien 23 Sep 20 14:25 hello
The 10 Task Script sets the mode of the file hello the same as olleh’s mode.`
The 11 Task Script adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner and all other users. 
The 12 Task Script creates a directory called my_dir with permissions 751 in the working directory.
The 13 Taskk Script changes the group owner to school for the file hello

Commit message:

Have done Owner and group Task

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

The 0 Task Script switches the current user to the user betty.
The 1 Task Script prints the effective username of the current user.
The 2 Task Script prints all the groups the current user is part of.
The 3 Task Script changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty.
The 4 Task Script creates an empty file called hello.
The 5 Task Script adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello.
The 6 Task Script adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello.
The 7 Task Script adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello
The 8 Task Script sets the permission to the file hello no permisson for owner and group and all permssion for others.
The 9 Task  sets the mode of the file hello to -rwxr-x-wx 1 julien julien 23 Sep 20 14:25 hello
The 10 Task Script sets the mode of the file hello the same as olleh’s mode.`
The 11 Task Script adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner and all other users. 
The 12 Task Script creates a directory called my_dir with permissions 751 in the working directory.
The 13 Taskk Script changes the group owner to school for the file hello.

The 14 Task Script changes the owner to vincent and the group owner to staff for all the files and directories in the working directory.
